I will explain the tripod
The third is the same precision machine as the video camera
Emma and water are weak and can be damaged by giving vibration or shock
Let me play a game Use soybeans
Please give me
I made it very lightly here
Please use it or break it and break it
Land island
Three in this
It is this bag when we put out three measures
I wrote that I can't keep track of latky
Exceeded in this bag
When these three songs are packed in a bag
Before the turn
So be careful not to put your back in this bag
Please and large drums folded somewhere
I want to call
To the end
Please keep it
Let's actually use a tripod
Is
More good things have begun, don't bring fm
Please be careful that there is no place
It is okay if the part of the foot happens
Then the neck of the third song
It is okay to have the neck part
You can not bring it
It is from above
It is this that we do not go wrong from now on
Will be beaten
In the point that it was a compact camera
There are people who will have it when you turn on the camera
Please stop this
this is
Then one side
Although there is resistance of the remote control of general bo
Rice
in this way
Please stop in Otsu
I will
Let's apply the slide rule
Lol
Not to get rid of this foot three bombers
It is fixed by this bracket. Remove this bracket.
Mr. Shiga was also moved by this
Three companies fifty ninety kilometers
Without lying
Sideways like this
Please keep your legs wide open
I will extend my feet
three
Fixed
It is another bus from now on
And fix it
Then my next child is
I'll click on the remote control button
I can say it round and round
Will do
I will do it by all means
And to
Take a water gauge
It is water cooling
Here
New year's card
Whether it is horizontal to the ground
Of the US g13
Yellow place
There is something called political power
Go around the corner in the middle
viewed from fa
this
I will fit in the middle this
Between the legs of the hot spring Funmon
Because it's a net ad with loose reason
Eco Coro
If you pass, shake your neck in the middle
Throw a stone
esc reason
Star
Three songs stand now